org.xedox.filetree.R$drawable
org.xedox.filetree.R$id
org.xedox.filetree.R
org.xedox.filetree.R$string
org.xedox.filetree.R$layout
org.xedox.filetree.R$drawable: int undo
org.xedox.filetree.R$drawable: int ripple
org.xedox.filetree.R$drawable: int arrow_up
org.xedox.filetree.R$layout: int file_item
org.xedox.filetree.R$drawable: int folder_hidden
org.xedox.filetree.R$string: int FileTreeLibraryName
org.xedox.filetree.R$drawable: int javascript
org.xedox.filetree.R$drawable: int folder
org.xedox.filetree.R$drawable: int folder_open
org.xedox.filetree.R$drawable: int file_tree
org.xedox.filetree.R$drawable: int html
org.xedox.filetree.R$drawable: int redo
org.xedox.filetree.R$id: int icon
org.xedox.filetree.R$drawable: int file_image
org.xedox.filetree.R$id: int name
org.xedox.filetree.R$id: int isOpen
org.xedox.filetree.R$drawable: int file_png
org.xedox.filetree.R$id: int parent
org.xedox.filetree.R$drawable: int file_jpg
org.xedox.filetree.R$drawable: int file
org.xedox.filetree.R$drawable: int file_hidden
org.xedox.filetree.R$drawable: int file_plus
org.xedox.filetree.R$drawable: int css
org.xedox.filetree.R$drawable: int more
org.xedox.filetree.R$drawable: int plus
org.xedox.filetree.R$drawable: R$drawable()
org.xedox.filetree.R: R()
org.xedox.filetree.R$string: R$string()
org.xedox.filetree.R$layout: R$layout()
org.xedox.filetree.R$id: R$id()
